well Benjamin Netanyahu says Israeli
troops are nearing their goal of
eliminating the military capabilities of
Hamas Israel's prime minister said
Israeli forces will continue to strike
at the remnants of Hamas the IDF has
ordered a massive evacuation of
Palestinians from the southern city of
KH yunes ass sign that troops are likely
to launch a new ground assault on gaza's
second largest city Kan Yunis is home to
many displaced gens and Israeli
bombardment has led to a crippled
crippling water
shortage curing for hours for a bottle
of water it's a daily routine in can
Yunis and across the Gaza STP where
displaced Palestinians spend much of
their day in a desperate attempt to
access the most basic
supplies from 5:00 in the morning until
sunset we're running around until we
fill a bottle like this a liter a liter
of water which 16 people in my home
drink from this is painful and
tragic the Water Crisis has been part of
life in Gaza for years but the ongoing
war between Hamas and Israel has made
the situation
unbearable we have a severe shortage of
water I have nine family members I need
at least 250 lers as a minimum for
washing dishes and other things but we
can't get it
there is a huge shortage in this area
and there are thousands of displaced
people who came from the eimi area and
other places this area needs support for
the digging of more than one well look
it's a fight for water eight groups
accuse Israel of deliberately targeting
gaza's water and sanitation services
Israel's military claims the facilities
are being used by Hamas militants for
terrorist
purposes as the fighting continues
displaced Palestinians say they're
desperate
from the beginning of the war until now
for nine months we have been suffering
we lack everything water food we live in
tents how long will it continue like
this we are tired we are
suffering with summer temperatures on
the rise NOS warn gaza's Water Crisis
will lead to the spread of preventable
diseases
they say the world is failing to protect
the health and dignity of more than 2
million civilians trapped in the
conflict